README.md, before:

# LOUConnect
## What is L.O.U.Co?
[L.O.U.Co](https://www.portodigital.org/diferenciais/equipamentos/louco), Lab for Connected Urban Objects), is a [Porto Digital](https://www.portodigital.org/home)'s makerspace that aims to experiment with innovative solutions to urban problems, from the Internet of Things (IoT) and digital fabrication, to enable physical objects to feel the environment and communicate, regardless of human intervention.

The space seeks to involve a multidisciplinary profile of people, companies and groups from areas such as computer science, electronics, design, architecture, urbanism, health and related areas in the development of solutions in line with the objectives of LOUCo, reducing the distance between academia, market and society at large in search of a better city.

## What is our project about?
The goal of **LOUConnect** is to create a new system able to bring these people closer to the physical space of L.O.U.Co (into the virtual environment) and to allow an even deeper connection between them. It was born from within *Porto Digital's* main university, [CESAR School](https://www.cesar.school/cesar-school/), and currently benefits from all their teachings on Software Development and innovative design, as well as their PBL learning method.   

Know more about us and our project [here](https://sites.google.com/cesar.school/louconnect) (Portuguese)

Commit message:

New updates: README.md
Added "Where do we study?"

README.md, after:

# LOUConnect
## What is L.O.U.Co?
[L.O.U.Co](https://www.portodigital.org/diferenciais/equipamentos/louco), Lab for Connected Urban Objects), is a [Porto Digital](https://www.portodigital.org/home)'s makerspace that aims to experiment with innovative solutions to urban problems, from the Internet of Things (IoT) and digital fabrication, to enable physical objects to feel the environment and communicate, regardless of human intervention.

The space seeks to involve a multidisciplinary profile of people, companies and groups from areas such as computer science, electronics, design, architecture, urbanism, health and related areas in the development of solutions in line with the objectives of LOUCo, reducing the distance between academia, market and society at large in search of a better city.

## What is our project about?
The goal of **LOUConnect** is to create a new system able to bring these people closer to the physical space of L.O.U.Co (into the virtual environment) and to allow an even deeper connection between them. It was born from *Porto Digital's* main university, [CESAR School](https://www.cesar.school/cesar-school/), and currently benefits from all their teachings on Software Development and innovative design, as well as their PBL learning method.   

Know more about us and our project [here](https://sites.google.com/cesar.school/louconnect) (Portuguese)

## Where do we study?
[CESAR School](https://www.cesar.school), [CESAR](https://www.cesar.org.br)'s non-profit school of innovation, strives to form professionals capable of fomenting and executing projects that bring upon relevant changes to society. Student formation focuses on developing a scientific and technical point of views as well as interpersonal and intrapersonal skills. To achieve this, the university makes use of Problem-Based Learning \(PBL\).

PBL is a teaching method that takes advantage of complex real-world problems, using them as vehicle to promote student learning, working on concepts and principles as opposed to direct presentation of facts and concepts. Throughout the process, we develop, in addition to critical thinking skills, problem-solving abilities and communication skills, empathy, skills in agile methodologies and teamwork.

In addition to it all, we are Based in the [Porto Digital](http://www.portodigital.org/home) area \([Recife, Brazil](https://goo.gl/maps/VYs9rRKP72T2)\) - a major tech and innovation center in Latin America, with [more than 200 companies](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Porto_Digital) -, in addition to having ties with hundreds of other entities around the world.
